# 1 Chapter 2 Development Process Overview
## 1.1 Phase 1 - Preliminary Planning
### 1.1.1 Ballparking
Bevor man wirklich tief einsteigt, holt man sich mal High Level Feedback. Die Fragen die man sich dafür beispielsweise stellt sind zum Beispiel:
1. Wieviele Leute können sowas grundsätzlich brauchen?
2. Was wird das ungefähr pro Einheit kosten?
3. Wie kann man das verkaufen? Also wie bringt man das an den Mann?
4. Wer könnte mir dabei helfen? Was haben diese Stakeholder für Bedürfnisse?
5. Wie siehts finanziell aus? Brauch ich da jemanden dafür?
Das Ganze soll nicht völlig ausarten. Das sind einfach mal Fragen, die man an ein Whiteboard werfen kann - mit einigen Freunden oder dem eigenen Team.

-> Go / No-Go Entscheidung
### 1.1.2 Stake Holder Expectation
- Wer kümmert sich um was?
- Wieviel Einsatz soll dort erbracht werden? (Macht das einer nebenher oder geht er All-In?)
- "Manage Expectations"
- Man muss wissen, was jeder Owner bereit ist zu investieren und was sie dafür im Gegenzug haben wollen. Das muss im Vorfeld klar sein.

-> Go / No-Go Entscheidung

### 1.1.3 Reality Check Nr 1
- Given our first-order understanding of ... justify our efforts?
	- Features and their development
	- Market
	- expenses / revenue
	- marketing
	- sales
- Does developing this product make sense? Does it feel like an adventure to persue this or does it feel like a drag?
- Are all stakeholders happy?
- Does the Product have a reasonable chance of success?

-> Go / No-Go Entscheidung

## 1.2 Detailed Product Definition
### 1.2.1 Overview
In the detailed planning, we are looking to remove as many unknowns as possible before they might hit us during development. We would like to remove as many surprises upfront as possible. (For sure it is not possible entirely, but that is fine. We can iterate). For that matter we can also rename "planning" to "surprise management".
The overarching goal here is to make the project predictable and removing as much as possible the need to improvise. 

What we need to figure out in this phase is:
- A fairly detailed description of how the product will look like and how it works in different circumstances.
- A detailed plan of what needs to be done, when, by whom.
- From the previous points we can derive:
	- Costs of the development
	- Time of completion of the development
	- What resources we will need
- A basic understanding of the technical challenges and business risks. (What are the things we do not know, that can burn us -> the known unknowns)

The output of this phase shall be:
1. Who are our customers / users
3. What will the product do?
4. How do users interact with our product?
5. What shall the product look like - visually / ...?
6. What is the effort that will be needed for its creation?
7. What vectors into the market can be used (sales and marketing)
8. What are the potential returns for the efforts

### 1.2.2 Product Design
Reverse-engineer how the product (if you would already have it in your hand) does work.
- How shall the Product look like?
	- Create some drawings; 3D CAD Prototypes; Sketches
- How do the different stakeholders interact with the product?
	- What are the different usecases for these users?? 
	- Create Flow-Charts or Pseudo-Code for the steps in the interaction with the product.
- Create Mocks for user-interfacing things.
	- physical appearance
	- Displays
- High Level Systems Requirements

In reality this initial draft will most likely not stand the test of time. So be prepared to change things along the way. 
With this new planned creation of yours you are walking into foggy terrain. There is only so much you can foresee.

### 1.2.3 Risk reduction
- This is prototyping the things which you never did before. You isolate these features and then implement them in isolation. You focus on the things that can potentially derail your entire project if they turn out to be far more challenging then initially anticipated.
- The outcome of this is usually a proof of concept. For that matter your product might consist of multiple proof of concepts. 
- So for example if you build an optical sensor, which requires a specific lens that needs to be modelled first, but none of you has experience in optical design, then this is something which requires a proof of concept.
- Or for the current project of the device has not a lot of battery power (in order to be slim), however it needs to drive a lcd display and run extensive computations on a neural network (which both require a lot of power). So for that matter, I need to create a feasibility study. Nobody in the team has yet worked with low-power devices. So this needs to be figured out first in order to create an estimate on how much effort this will take. Imagine I would start to develop the system only to then later figure out that the application can only run for 10 minutes and then needs to be recharged. This would make it utter non-sensical to drive forward this project (for the current matter it is not important, since the main purpose of this project is learning and wandering into the unknown).

## 1.3 Reality Check Nr2
This again is a filter stage, in which we evaluation, whether it still makes sense to move forward.
- Do the numbers still work?
- Do we still feel good about the road ahead?
- SHOULD WE DO STILL THIS?
