# Pacman Business Card

New year, new ... project - I guess. As I grow more mature as an embedded engineer, I find it more and more helpful to build a project for the sake of my own education and sharpening of skills. 
I do not find it motivating to go through tutorials and read through books just for the sake of doing it. 

If I just do a Tutorial or read through a book, without even having a real problem in my head, I find myself meandering. I simply do not know when I did research or read enough. Having a concret problem against which I can compare my efforts against, helps me. In this way, I am able to close the feedback loop and also check that I actually understood and learned the topic. Without testing your skills you simply do not know how good you are. And having a project gives you that. 

So now you might ask, what is the project about? Is it the thing that is described in the title??? Yep, you are goddamn right about that. 

For this project, I want to create a physical business card, that I can hand out on tradeshows, meetups ... (in-person events) on which you can play pacman on a small display. Furthermore I enjoy seeing systems solving problems by themselves. For that matter I want to add an additional button on the card, which toggles an "AI" which beats the crap out of the ghosts, if the user chooses to. 

This is quite a complex challenge for myself. For the sake of stretching myself, I want to move away from my homeground (the C-Programming language) to Python and Cpp for the implementation. Later I also want to create a small PCB, which will house all the necessary componentns. 

This blog series shall serve as my record in the endaviour of building this thing. I will basically record all the steps that I am taking and my reasoning behind it. So far I did not find a lot of well documented embedded software projects, which take you all the way from the initial small beginnings to the very end of the shipment of the product. 

In the next blog posts, I will go over how to break down such a problem into different tangiable outputs:
- breaking down the project into Milestones
- Coming up with a first draft of requirements
- Coming up with a first draft of system requirements, software requirements, hardware requirements. 

Up until, see you around fellas :) 
